# Grade Book

One of the most common uses of Excel in academia is keeping track of students' grades. In this activity, you and your partner will create a spreadsheet that averages out the scores for students in a fictional class and then determines whether each student has passed or failed the course.

## Instructions

* Create a formula that calculates the final grade for a student based upon their previous exams and papers.

* When making this calculation:

  * Every paper and exam should be considered equal in weight.

  * Each one should make up 25% of a student's overall grade.

  * Round the result to the nearest whole number, or integer.

* Using conditionals, create a formula that returns `PASS` if a student's final grade is greater than or equal to 60. If the student's final grade is below 60, your formula should return `FAIL`.

## Bonus

* Create a nested `IF()` formula that returns a letter grade based on a student's final grade.

  * Greater than or equal to 90 = `A`
  * Greater than or equal to 80 and less than 90 = `B`
  * Greater than or equal to 70 and less than 80 = `C`
  * Greater than or equal to 60 and less than 70 = `D`
  * Anything less than 60 = `F`

## Hints

* If you need some help with nested `IF()` statements in Excel, check out [Nest Formulas](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/IF-function-%E2%80%93-nested-formulas-and-avoiding-pitfalls-0b22ff44-f149-44ba-aeb5-4ef99da241c8) for more information and helpful tips.

## References

* Data generated by Mockaroo, LLC. (2021) Realistic Data Generator. [https://www.mockaroo.com/](https://mockaroo.com/). Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

